Hi, guys.
Walker in the last lecture we had earlier used a row widget.
The reason for this row widgets is because we want every widget that goes inside.
It should be displayed horizontally.
That is from left to right.
Now, over here, you can see we have two widgets.
That is the test field and this filter icon.
And we said we want both widgets to be displayed horizontally.
So that was the reason we have to use a row widgets.
Okay.
Now, this is the first widget, right, that says Field.
However, we open ends with a flexible widget.
So it takes the available space, right?
Okay, now we turn the row.
Right.
First of all, they're just going to need to it.
Come over here.
Okay.
Great.
Now over here, the test field, this flexible widget, you also need to have the to the cover.
Right.
Okay.
Now we are going to have another widget which is going to be for the image.
Now I'll just have to say is image thoughts.
SS Okay, right now for the location is going to be the hazards slash icons slash filter.
Towards PSG, there's going to be very big so we can reduce the whiteness.
So we're going to see weeks of.
25.
Okay.
Now use control s to save.
And go check it out.
Okay.
What we can do, it's is not said because it is it has a colour of whites.
So now what?
You can do that to have access to also property we can use.
Click on the like first days Katrina dots.
So I like to control it.
And that's they're able to resolve this with a container.
Right.
Okay.
Now you're going to use the declaration.
Then the box declaration.
The declaration is basically used for test field.
So there's going to be box declaration, right?
So digital cover first.
That's a get rid of that here.
Okay.
So we just have to see now is how long we want it to be close to black.
Right.
This country needs to save it.
Good.
Check it out.
Okay.
Get it away.
Now what we can all do, we can't give.
Imagine this.
You can't imagine it's going to be a hedge.
That's.
That's only that is only for the left of it is going to give it ten.
Okay as well.
They're going to give you a pardon to this.
Be a sets.
That's all.
This will give fodder for all sides.
That is applied in all 50.
We can now use controlled instances in good check.
It does okay.
They can see it's a bit bigger now.
Okay.
Because we're using the power that we should give space within.
Inside this box.
Inside this container.
Okay.
Now what you can do.
You can make this a bit it, right?
So to do that within the declaration that is evokes the commission, but we just have to say is border
radius is going to be border radius.
Whatever your standards are, we're just going to give you a radius of 15.
Okay.
Return has to save now.
And go check it out.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Great.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in in this lecture.